Update docs for RaCo 1.0 (#6)
bmwcarit/ramses-sdk: doc/versions.md

a newer version, so make sure to check in or archive your current project before trying out a new version.
You can also find information about your current version of all components in the Help->About section of the Composer.

(upgrade_raco1)=
# Upgrade from RaCo v0.x to RaCo v1.0.0

Ramses Composer 1.0 (and the underlying logic engine 1.0) represent the first major version of the Ramses SDK.
To ensure extensibility for the future, it provides a new (not backwards compatible!) Lua API which allows to be
extended without breaking user code. To make the migration easy, we provide the following tools:
* Documentation of the changes
    * [Ramses Composer](https://github.com/bmwcarit/ramses-composer/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#100-ramses-logic-1x-python-api-timer-new-animations)
    * [Ramses Logic](https://ramses-logic.readthedocs.io/en/latest/changelog_ref.html#v1-0-0)
* [Migration scripts](https://github.com/bmwcarit/ramses-logic/tree/master/tools/migrate)
* An enhanced error view in the Ramses Composer which will report errors for each API violation

> The new version of the SDK also adds a lot of new functionality, please test and [provide feedback](https://ramses-sdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/community.html):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new version of the SDK also adds a lot of new functionality, please try it out and [provide feedback](https://ramses-sdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/community.html):
```
